yeah yeah but Stanfill back at WTOP
studios let it rip see you next week I'm
John Regan I used to run with my life
now I run with my mouth oh well I'm
certainly glad you tried to stop by here
on this lovely monday afternoon although
it's getting a little warm out there
then we got two and a half hours of
action-packed hard getting sports drama
we're gonna create it if we can't find
it without you I know today would not
have been possible I love you Darrell
from the bottom um huh this is a moment
when people are humbled you know it
because it is such an honor and you find
out stories about people you never knew
anything about never dreamed that I'd be
standing here today solver past the
Talbert pass the tests got the text from
cam because I was out mowing the lawn
now I got the text from Kevin said free
Albert Albert is free where are you
going with this look I'm are you saying
maybe somebody did a little tweaking
with that I think all I all I do all I
know is that I sit next to John Riggins
and Todd casselberry and every mountain
and the stuff just kind of hits me I
don't think Albert gives a damn one way
or the other exactly why not just hang
there at the number two notes okay so
money's all green Shanahan's made his
big tough rough you know march against
Albert Haynesworth but word is it in
handler holds all the cards if they're
going to keep butting heads and indeed
Shannon is going to lose haynesworth
kick Shanahan's but every which way you
could this was his punishment for
missing all the OTAs and not coming to
the minicamp he had to miss practice for
a week and a half who won who's the big
winner in the Albert Haynesworth Michael
Shanahan showdown
hey the Orioles of five and one under
buck showalter five and one maybe he's
showing him some reruns of when ESPN
used to do jaca yeah so there's not
going to be you if you don't think
they're jacked up he is so into golf now
more importantly El Tigre he finished
second from the last I mean considering
you talk about two points for a reversal
as they give you in wrestling man that
this is stunning he's going down further
and further that you know that you
wonder will it ever stop she's got a bag
he's gotta drop down his knees like the
temptations you don't say it so like
wondered what James was doing now I
think I mean I get how it works if you
say nigga you say that that's why I
brother can get back in the house you
just deal with nothing else was working
you start bagging now what we're on this
subject who was doing the begging
between a fence and coach Shanahan I
think my channel I think gal burr is
like going what do you mean I pass the
test I realized only have 730 days left
in this game I didn't want to be with a
group of guys that you know like the win
dress kind of like Steve Urkel and I
don't know Carlton from fresh prince of
bel-air I bow ties with your over 5 11 6
foot 7 it's 71 I don't think both times
were it's 71 it's yet it's pee-wee
Herman tomorrow and well yeah it's a war
gray suit with a black bow tie because
he said he was joining an exclusive
group and wanted to look sharp he needed
to adopt some turtle shells with
tortoiseshell glasses because it is the
dog days of summer we have an extra
special treat for you today we are
debuting none other than my faithful
companion badger when I told him he was
going to be on the show last night I
think he punched himself out not so
excited he didn't get a lick of sleep
and you know it got nothing yeah his big
debut and all the way over here he was
telling me hey hey hey pops I'll
remember you when i get to Hollywood
promise I won't forget about you you
know what it is he's just like he's got
stage fright badger couldn't make it
today he even pretty tuckered out from
that performance he had to put on
yesterday all right well this is my
favorite part of the show well real how
it is hard this yeah yeah I thought it
was the face uh-huh forget you then I
thought it was the fish well now what
get rid of the preseason games
altogether to me it made sense on
because I'm putting myself in their
position there's a former player the
Super Bowl would would be played on
februari six which is exact it times out
exactly times out exactly you have two
breaks you play six games that's the
thing that appealed to me to play six
games you get a week off Oh what is
strong here today on the John Riggins
shows Clinton's a loose cannon you get
to say what he wanted you ask him is why
heat why he disses John riggan I hope
Flint and breaks the rushing record this
year my rushing ready yeah people talk
about that like oh you're really good
who cares